fix: correct spelling in readme.md [sc-0] (#438)
checkly/checkly-cli: README.md

Executes all the checks in the scope of your project on the Checkly cloud infrastructure. You can specify files to run by
appending a pattern, e.g. `npx checkly test home.spec.js api`.

This is very powerful when combined with passing environment variables using one of the flags `--env` or `--env-file` as you
can target staging, test and preview environment with specific URLs, credentials and other common variables that differ
between environments.

- `--env <key=value>` or `-e`: Pass environment variables to the check execution runtime. Variables passed here overwrite any existing variables stored in your Checkly account.

> - `--grep <pattern>` or `-g`: Only run checks that names match a regular expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--grep <pattern>` or `-g`: Only run checks where the check name matches a regular expression.
```

```

- `name` : A human readable name for your Check Group.

> - `concurrency`: A number indicating the ammount of concurrent checks to run when a group is triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `concurrency`: A number indicating the amount of concurrent checks to run when a group is triggered.
```

- `sendFailure`: A boolean if you want to receive failure notifications.
- `sendDegrade`: A boolean if you want to receive degraded notifications. These only apply to API checks.
- `sslExpiry`: A boolean if you want to receive a notification when a SSL/TLS certificate expires. This works only for API checks.

> - `sslExpiryThreshold`: A number indicating how many days before the certificate expire date will trigger the notification.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sslExpiryThreshold`: A number indicating how many days before the certificate expiry date the a notification will be triggered.  
```
